README.md, before:

# Web Terminal

[![Github All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/grumpyman12601/web-terminal/total.svg)]()

A terminal to navigate your website's file structure. Created for Fundamentals of Web Programming @ Kirkwood in 2025. To see it in use go [HERE](https://grumpyman12601.github.io/html_css_5/index.html)

NOTE: This is basically a scrape of your own site, so keep in mind that anything and everything you host on your website will be easily available to anyone.

#
## What you need
- Javascript knowledege
- Your entire website. in a folder. Directories should match up perfectly with the way the website is on web.
- Remove any personal/private info from your website.

# Installation
1. Download generateFS.js
2. Run generateFS.js on the root directory of your website.
3. Copy the contents of the json file it generates.
4. Paste these contents into the ```const filesystem = {} ```in term.js
NOTE: If you have a big website, the structure will be very large.

Terminal v3 will add a json file to reference in the javascript file instead of storing the it locally.

# Pre-made terminal
Download, copy, or integrate these files to your website:

1. terminal.html
2. term_styles.css
3. term.js


## Issues
Security

## Testing and patching
V3 will have a different json file, and will also hopefully improve the go command to allow for different files to be opened.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Update README with clearer filesystem generation steps
Clarified instructions for generating the filesystem object and updated notes on terminal functionality.

README.md, after:

# Web Terminal

[![Github All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/grumpyman12601/web-terminal/total.svg)]()

A terminal to navigate your website's file structure. Created for Fundamentals of Web Programming @ Kirkwood in 2025. To see it in use go [HERE](https://grumpyman12601.github.io/html_css_5/index.html)

NOTE: This is basically a scrape of your own site, so keep in mind that anything and everything you host on your website will be easily available to anyone.

#
## What you need
- Javascript knowledege
- Your entire website. in a folder. Directories should match up perfectly with the way the website is on web.
- Remove any personal/private info from your website.

# Installation
Download, copy, or integrate these files to your website:

1. terminal.html
2. term_styles.css
3. term.js
The terminal will work, but the LS command won't return anything, this is because we haven't generated the filesystem object yet.

# To generate your website's file structure:
1. Download generateFS.js
2. Run generateFS.js on the root directory of your website.
3. Copy the contents of the json file it generates.
4. Paste these contents into the ```const filesystem = {} ```in term.js.

NOTE: If you have a big website, the structure will be very large. Terminal v3 will fix this by using a json file instead of a constant.

## Issues
Security

## Testing and patching
V3 will have a different json file, and will also hopefully improve the go command to allow for different files to be opened.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
